Adds chainId and yParity; removes senderV (#3144)
ethereum/EIPs: EIPS/eip-2930.md

## Abstract

> We introduce a new [EIP-2718](./eip-2718.md) transaction type, with the format `1 || rlp([chainId, nonce, gasPrice, gasLimit, to, value, data, access_list, senderYParity, senderR, senderS])`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We introduce a new [EIP-2718](./eip-2718.md) transaction type, with the format `1 || rlp([chainId, nonce, gasPrice, gasLimit, to, value, data, access_list, yParity, senderR, senderS])`.
```
Sorry, one more :)

Author: Luckily CI is running slow so I'm able to get these applied before CI runs and the auto-merge bot merges (since you already approved).  😬

## Specification

### Definitions

**`TransactionType`** `1`.  See [EIP-2718](./eip-2718.md)

> **`ChainId`** The transaction is valid only if this value is included in a block on a chain whose ID is equal to this value.

Reviewer: Nitpick, it currently sounds like it doesn't actually _become_ valid until it's included in a block. Or even: until the `value` is included in a block
Maybe:
```suggestion
**`ChainId`** The transaction only valid on networks with this `chainID`.
```

Author: Applied, I like your wording better than mine.  😄

> **`ChainId`** The transaction is valid if this value is `0` or it is included in a block on a chain whose ID is equal to this value.

Reviewer: Now you changed it back so `0` means wildcard. Why?

Author: Good catch, copy/paste error (copied from 2711, where `0` cross-chain transactions are allowed).  Fixed now.

| `ACCESS_LIST_STORAGE_KEY_COST` | 1900 |
| `ACCESS_LIST_ADDRESS_COST` | 2400 |

> As of `FORK_BLOCK_NUMBER`, we introduce a new transaction type, with the format `1 || rlp([chainId, nonce, gasPrice, gasLimit, to, value, data, access_list, senderYParity, senderR, senderS])`. The signing hash would be the hash of the RLP of the entire data structure but popping the last three items representing the signature, and prepending the transaction type: `rlp([1, chainId, nonce, gasPrice, gasLimit, to, value, data, access_list])`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As of `FORK_BLOCK_NUMBER`, we introduce a new transaction type, with the format `1 || rlp([chainId, nonce, gasPrice, gasLimit, to, value, data, access_list, yParity, senderR, senderS])`. The signing hash would be the hash of the RLP of the entire data structure but popping the last three items representing the signature, and prepending the transaction type: `rlp([1, chainId, nonce, gasPrice, gasLimit, to, value, data, access_list])`.
```
You name it `YParity` above, not `SenderYParity`

Reviewer: Well, either one is fine, but better be consistent

Author: I put the `sender` prefix to align with `senderR` and `senderS`, where `r` and `s` and `yParity` are the three outputs of the `secp256k1` signing algorithm.  That being said, I'm fine with your suggestion as well and have applied it.
